docs(rspamd): Revise DNSBL advice with example + minor tweaks (#4661)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: docs/content/config/security/rspamd.md

??? warning "Rspamd & DNS Blocklists"

    When the RBL module is enabled, Rspamd will do a variety of DNS requests to (amongst other things) DNSBLs. There are a variety of issues involved when using DNSBLs. Rspamd will try to mitigate some of them by properly evaluating all return codes. This evaluation is a best effort though, so if the DNSBL operators change or add return codes, it may take a while for Rspamd to adjust as well.

!!! danger "Properly Querying Blocklists"

    If you want to use DNS Blocklists (DNSBLs) properly, **you have to use your own _non-public, recursive_ DNS resolver!**

    Running your own recursive DNS resolver is feasible, but **you need to ensure that it is not available from the internet!** Hosting a public (i.e., available to the internet, also called "open") DNS resolver has serious security implications.

>     DNS blocklists will not answer properly if you use public DNS resolvers (like Cloudflare' `1.1.1.1` or Google's `8.8.8.8`) because they are rate-limited. Hence, the issue is not about caching, but about making a direct (recursive) request. Rspamd makes an efforet to handle rate-limiting properly, but you will not have any benefit from using DNS blocklists if you are not using a recursive resolver.

Reviewer: Revised this a fair bit. Please verify it still makes sense?

**Changes:**
- Prior suggestion already indicates the need to use a private recursive resolver, dropped (_serious security implications hasn't provided additional context to the reader_).
- Immediately focuses on rate-limit issue (with typo fix for cloudflare), with clarification on caching a response from a forwarded query is ineffective.
- Final paragraph reiterates to avoid forwarding and instead resolve recursively via the private service. Trailing Rspamd context lacks a meaningful reference for the reader, thus dropped if no additional value can be inferred.

```suggestion
    DNSBL services are rate-limited, thus if your DNS queries are forwarded through a public resolver (_like Cloudflare's `1.1.1.1` or Google's `8.8.8.8`_) caching the DNSBL service responses received from a public DNS resolver will not be reliable when public load has triggered a rate limit.

    Instead of relying on forwarding DNS queries, they must be resolved recursively (directly) via running your own private recursive DNS service.
```
